Fuck, this is really driving me crazy, wow.
‪Hey, Team Leader Bae.
‪Go find out the address of the old lady who runs the cafe on the first floor of Seongeun Building.
‪These bastards are really getting strong.
Hey, fuck!
You son of a bitch!
Come here, you bastard!
‪You son of a bitch!
Ah, these motherfucking bastards! Come here!
‪Hey, you!
Hey, you!
All of you, stick together! Hey, you bastards!
‪Damn it, seriously!
‪You sons of bitches, ugh!
What, you bastard!
‪Come here!
‪You son of a bitch!
Hey, mess him up!
‪Hey, you bastard!
‪This son of a bitch!
‪Ugh, damn it.
You son of a bitch!
‪Hey, you son of a bitch!
Hey, you!
That bastard...
Get out, you!
‪Hey, you!
Get up! Get out!
Geon-woo, let's go.
Yeah.
‪Let's go!
‪Yeah.
Hyun-joo, thank you for coming.
‪Sorry I'm late.
‪I got hit less because you came.
Oh dear.
Ah, it hurts, damn it.
‪Oh, you're here?
‪Geon-woo.
Ugh, it's okay, shh, shh!
Ugh, shh, shh!
Hey, move it, quickly.
Yes.
‪Hey!
‪Ah, what's with that bastard? Seriously, fuck.
‪Ugh.
‪Damn, this is so annoying, seriously!
‪Ugh, fuck.
‪You!
‪Ugh, damn it. Just a moment, just...
‪Ah, fuck...
‪Who is it? You motherfucker!
‪Shut your mouth, you bastard!
Get up, get up!
Ah, damn it!
‪Stop it, stop!
‪Look at this.
‪Hey!
‪What are you, you bastard?
I'm sorry.
Stop.
‪Fuck, what is it?!
‪Hey.
‪Sleep tight.
‪Huh? What is this?
‪Ah, when did you get hit like this?
‪Yes, Mom.
‪Geon-woo.
‪Mom, why? What's wrong? What happened? Why are you crying, Mom?
‪Here, just a moment. I'll pass it to you.
‪Where are you guys right now?
‪Geon-woo.
‪Uh.
‪Mom, what happened to your forehead? Huh?
‪It's okay, I just...
‪...just bumped it on the floor a little.
‪Your face...
‪Ah...
‪Woo-jin. What happened to your face again?
‪Ah, it's just a slight scratch. Yes, this...
‪The boss couldn't sleep and kept waiting for you.
‪Let's go down.
‪Yes.
‪I'll be back.
‪Everyone, sit here!
‪I'm tired, so I'll keep it short.
‪After your call,
‪my world collapsed once.
‪You're my family.
‪I was so scared
‪of losing you.
‪You guys can't get hurt anymore.
‪From now on, the adults will take care of it.
‪I... I want to help too.
‪Geon-woo, this isn't...
‪...a game where someone wins and someone loses.
‪It's a war that only ends when someone dies.
‪You two, go upstairs.
‪I'm sorry.
‪Ah, promise me you won't step in again!
‪Yes.
‪It's dangerous to go now since they know Geon-woo's house.
‪Take Geon-woo's mother to the orphanage tomorrow.
‪It's much safer for her to stay there for now.
‪Yes.
‪Go to sleep.
‪Ah, Yang-jung, what do we do now?
‪We'll see this through to the end.
‪This is something that should have been resolved a long time ago.
‪Can you catch Myeong-gil?
‪I'll move with Du-yeong starting tomorrow.
‪We'll take care of them one by one.
‪Uh, let's eat with Du-yeong.
‪Uh, Mr. Oh...
‪Please find out who Myeong-gil's associates are.
‪Ah, yes.
‪Ugh, Director. At such an early hour...
‪Kim is coming, so I had to come out.
‪I performed the surgery myself.
‪Ah, thank you.
‪Well, one person had both Achilles tendons severed with a knife,
‪and the other person
‪had all the tendons in their shoulder severed.
‪Their hair was short,
‪and their eyes were slanted.
‪Their feet were incredibly fast.
‪And they were really good with a knife.
‪Hmm.
‪Yes, ah...
‪It seemed like a knife used in a raw fish restaurant.
‪Damn.
‪Tell Beom to come to the office by 1 PM.
Let's have a meeting.
Yes.
‪This has gotten interesting.
‪Hmm, finish it up.
‪Ah, yes.
Hyung-nim.
Why?
‪I'll go with you too.
‪Stay.
‪I want to be helpful.
‪Min-dong.
‪I'll take care of it, so...
‪you live your own life.
‪Hyung-nim, I want to be with you too!
‪Hey, kid.
‪If I come back after taking care of everything,
‪and the shop is ruined, what will you do?
‪Protect the shop, that's how you help me.
‪Uh, but...
‪Watch the shop.
‪Hwang Yang-joong!
‪It's been a while.
‪Ah, you should have called.
‪I was busy making a living, you know.
‪Ah, handsome hyung-nim, why have you gotten so old? It's upsetting.
‪Is it easy to live an honest life?
‪Right?
‪Living honestly, isn't it really hard?
Oh, it's been a while.
Yeah.
‪I called Soo-chul and Min-soo
‪and I'm trying to find out, but...
‪...the scale is pretty big.
‪Ah, these guys aren't just loan sharks, they're a bit strange.
‪Thank you.
‪Yes.
‪A friend in Yeouido heard
‪that Aile Group bought a half-built hotel in Gangnam,
‪and they borrowed money from Smile Capital.
‪That's Kim Myeong-gil's company, right?
‪Uh, but...
‪Why would a chaebol borrow money from Kim Myeong-gil?
‪I don't understand that.
‪Kim Myeong-gil must have played a trick.
Let's dig deeper.
Yeah.
Finally, we can avenge the kids.
‪Let's see this through.
‪The boss also gave permission.
‪Yeah.
‪Well, back then, Chairman Choi had five blade-wielders under him.
‪At that time, Chairman Choi lent money to companies,
‪and the uncollected debts often exceeded 10 billion won.
‪But back then, construction companies
‪had gangsters backing them up.
‪That's when these guys would go out.
‪They would go out and completely wipe out a gang organization in a single day.
‪Even the big gangs back then
‪were genuinely scared of Chairman Choi's blade-wielders.
‪After I caught Chairman Choi,
‪the first thing my Beom and I did
‪was hit the blade-wielders. Do you know why?
‪No.
‪Because I was scared as hell too, damn it.
‪You and In-beom caught them by yourselves?
‪I sent two teams of gangsters from Sindang-dong and Yeongdeungpo, combined.
‪It was only possible because we hit them when they were separated.
‪If they were together, we couldn't have caught them.
‪Wow, that's amazing.
‪But actually,
‪we couldn't catch the two most important people.
‪Lee Du-yeong.
‪And Hwang Yang-joong.
‪Chairman Choi's left and right arms.
‪I met Lee Du-yeong once when I was Chairman Choi's bag carrier,
‪and he was...
‪...handsome. Well, once a gang boss was stuck in traffic, rolled down his window, and was smoking, when he heard a motorcycle sound. He looked back, and Lee Du-yeong had slashed his face with a sashimi knife and ran away. Damn, his mouth was torn wide open, flapping around.
Whoa, that's amazing!
‪Who is Hwang Yang-joong?
‪Well, alone,
‪he's said to have severed the Achilles tendons of twenty gangsters,
‪crippling them.
‪And he fights with two knives, his hands are so fast
‪that rumors say he stabs a hundred times a minute.
‪Amazing, damn it.
‪Well, you said three kids came out, right?
‪Yes, well, a girl appeared in the middle,
‪and it seems she's the girl
‪connected to the bookstore I mentioned before.
‪If the bookstore owner is Chairman Choi, it makes sense.
‪He crawled out to save his kids.
‪This damned old geezer.
‪Do you know how much money Chairman Choi has?
‪In cash,
‪it must be around 50 billion won.
‪That should cover the casino's deficit, CEO.
‪Oh ho!
‪This is, well, heaven helping us, isn't it?
‪Jang-do and Beom, stake it out and take everything.
‪You're not getting out?
‪I don't want to go in. Hurry and come back.
‪Alright, I'll be right back.
Kids.
‪Please come this way.
‪It's a bit small, as it was used by the kids,
‪but it should be fine for your stay. Take your time to look around.
‪Thank you.
‪Mom, how is it here?
‪Oh, it's hyung.
‪Hello, ma'am.
‪One of my elementary school friends
‪was under a team leader working for Kim Myeong-gil,
‪and he was at the scene that day.
‪From what I heard, it was truly gruesome.
‪They were waiting at the gas station,
‪and as soon as Aile Group's eldest son arrived,
‪they abducted him, beat him, and threatened him.
‪Those who treat chaebols like that
‪are probably the only ones in Korea, seriously.
‪And?
‪They filmed a video and...
‪This is Kim Jun-min, a sales director at Smile Capital.
‪He has six prior convictions for fraud.
‪He committed various types of fraud,
‪including used car fraud and credit card payment fraud.
‪He was reportedly held at the Seoul Southern Detention Center.
‪Lim Jang-do.
‪He was attending the Police University,
‪but was expelled for sexually assaulting a junior.
‪He has no prior convictions and is the Strategic Planning Manager at Smile Capital.
‪That's unusual.
‪If you have someone who knows how the police operate,
‪it's very helpful in avoiding police investigations.
‪Are these the two?
‪Yes.
‪And their home addresses?
‪Ah, we have this guy's.
‪He lives in Saseong-dong,
‪and we have his car model and license plate number.
‪It seems best to hit them quickly.
‪They'll catch on soon, right?
‪Yes.
As for him, I'll go.
Tomorrow night?
But how many will you catch?
What do you mean, "how many"? We have to send them right away.
I'll take on Kim Myeong-gil.
He's not someone who goes around alone.
Everything about him is a trick. Go with Du-yeong.
I'll just follow him.
Uh, was there a big guy next to Myeong-gil?
Ah, yes, well, the private investigator
asked for a little more time.
I'll look into it further.
Who is it?
Uh, the guy who threw me out the window is incredibly strong.
Boss, what about the cash at the bookstore?
We have to move it.
That bastard knows the location.
How about the kids move the cash?
Ah, well, we don't have much time and we're short on people.
Well, those friends don't seem ordinary either.
They took down thirty people.
Did you see it?
Ah, I went there and they were all knocked out.
Without even using knives, three of them took down thirty. Wow.
They're not ordinary kids.
Boss, I think it would be okay if we move in the early morning.
Let's trust the kids this once.
Hyun-joo is a smart kid too.
Okay, put it here.
Here.
Ah, looks delicious.
Here, here.
I will eat well.
Eat up.
I'll give it to Hyun-joo first.
Ah, thank you.
Did you make this with our kimchi?
Yeah.
Uh, it tastes completely different from what I cook.
It's easy. Auntie will teach you.
Yes.
I have something I want to ask.
The orphanage,
should I say the boss runs it?
Ah, yes.
My grandfather was very poor in the past,
so he said he wanted to help people in need if he earned a lot of money.
Ah...
Then Hyun-joo is the boss's granddaughter?
Ah, no.
My parents passed away, and I entered the orphanage.
Ah, I'm sorry.
Ugh, I said something unnecessary.
Oh, no, it's not, uh...
Sorry.
Ah...
What does Hyun-joo like to eat?
Uh...
I like egg rolls.
Oh, then eat this.
Oh my, where did all the egg rolls go?
Ugh, you should've left some for your sister.
Ah...
Ah!
Right, I wanted to eat egg rolls!
I'll make it for you again.
Uh, no, it's okay.
No, no, I'll make it quickly. Just stay still.
Mom, make it a bit bigger! And thick!
Okay.
A lot!
Alright, I'll make a really big one.
Hey, eat quickly.
Hey.
Huh?
Look at the color of this braised beef.
Good luck.
Did you pack everything?
Yeah.
Ah, fuck, I'm scared, ah, damn it.
Make a box. I'll get the money.
How are we going to move this to the car?
We'll have to carry them one by one.
No, that's too slow.
Hyun-joo, do you have a cart?
Uh, go down one floor, turn left, and there's a storage room.
Hyung and I will get the cart,
so please just put the money on the floor.
Okay.
Let's go.
Hey, you're holding up well.
What? Why are you taking off your clothes?
You absolutely cannot get caught.
Who is it?
The person I told you about then.
This, damn it.
Hey, you!
Hit faster and get out.
Okay.
Ah, damn, this bastard, damn.
Hyung!
This, damn it.
Hey, you motherfucker!
Calm down, stop, it's over.
It's okay, it's okay.
It's okay.
It's all over.
Let's tie this bastard up quickly.
Uh.
Let's find something to tie him with quickly!
Ah, hey, you look over there.
Uh.
Ugh!
Huh?
Oh, hyung!
Just a moment.
Oh! What? What's wrong with you?
Ah, I don't know, fuck, I fought.
Are you okay?
I think it's going to hurt like hell tomorrow.
But why did you tie him from the front?
He can untie it if he puts pressure on it.
Uh, I don't think he can untie it?
Ah, sh-should we tie him again?
Ah, fuck, just tie him up quickly! Oppa, go get the cart.
Uh, uh, uh.
Hold his feet.
Done. Let's go!
Clothes, clothes, clothes...
Ah, quickly, damn it. This is super expensive.
I had him handcuffed here, but...
‪You're late?
There were a few problems.
What about the money?
‪Don't worry about that. The money is still there.
‪But where are you going?
‪In-beom isn't answering his phone either,
‪and my face and inside of my mouth are badly torn,
‪so I thought I'd go to the emergency room first,
‪then head to the scene.
‪What's wrong with you?
‪You should clean up the mess before you go.
‪Uh, yes, you're right, CEO.
‪But there's too much blood on my face,
‪and all my teeth are loose, so I need to go to the hospital first...
‪Hey, you motherfucker!
‪Call Team Leader Jung, gather the guys, and hit them quickly.
‪Slit those brats' throats, got it?
‪This fucking bastard, trying to pull a fast one,
‪Damn, trying to die.
‪Before I slit those brats' throats,
‪should I slit yours first, you son of a bitch?
‪Yes, understood.
‪CEO.
‪Move!
Hey, get in quickly.
‪Throw it!
Open the trunk!
Uh.
Push!
‪Oh, careful, careful. Careful, careful...
Quickly, quickly!
That's it!
‪Woo, damn.
‪We're done.
‪Ah, fuck, we need to get the safe.
‪Ah, shouldn't we go quickly?
‪You go up first.
‪How much is in it?
‪At least billions of won.
‪I'll help you!
Hey, you go up first.
Ah...
‪Ah, hey, we have to get those billions, that thing.
‪Start the engine and wait. I'll be up soon.
‪You have to come quickly.
‪Oppa, there's a bag under the cabinet.
‪Uh.
‪Fuck, gold bars?
Ah, quickly grab them!
Uh.
‪Dollars?
‪Ah, don't just stand there, put them in, damn it!
‪Okay.
‪The connection is not...
‪Oh dear, you're quite busted up.
‪Are you okay?
‪Follow me.
‪Slowly, slowly, slowly. Why is there so much money?
‪Ah, hurry up, damn it!
‪Ah, this is incredibly heavy. Ugh!
‪Ah, okay.
‪Uh.
‪Hey.
‪Call Geon-woo oppa.
‪Uh, hyung.
‪Just follow no matter what.
‪Uh.
‪Grab him!
‪This, this, fuck!
‪You...
‪Oppa, can't you go faster?
‪Ah, but the car seems too heavy.
‪Then when I give the signal, hit it and go.
‪Uh, I'll try.
‪Hit it and go now!
‪This, fuck!
‪You.
Ah, fuck...
‪Get in quickly.
‪Hey, they're coming, they're coming! Step on it! Step on it more!
‪The car's acting weird!
‪Damn!
‪Ugh, fuck.
‪Damn, hold tight!
‪Uh-uh, damn.
Hyung! Hyung, are you okay?
You!
‪You!
Oh!
Here we go!
‪Push! Push! Push! Push! Push!
‪More! More! More! More! More! More!
‪Hyung!
Hey! Push to the right!
‪Push! Push! Push! Push! Push! More! More!
‪Ah...
Accelerator!
‪Ugh, damn.
Oh, fuck!
‪The car broke down, get out.
We need to get the bags!
‪Run!
‪Oh!
‪Run, quickly!
‪Uh, uh!
‪You! Hey! Damn!
Run quickly!